Enhance data management section with new options (#7668)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/serverless.md

### Data management

**Q: How can I move data to or from {{serverless-short}} projects?**  

> A: You can [use Reindex from remote](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/elasticsearch/rest-apis/reindex-indices#reindex-from-remote) as the most direct and managed

Reviewer: oops actually this xlink is formatted wrong

I think we might want to point them to the tutorial which is more hand-holdy

```suggestion
A: You can [use Reindex from remote](/manage-data/migrate/migrate-data-using-reindex-api.md) as the most direct and managed
```

if you prefer your link it looks like this 

```suggestion
A: You can [use Reindex from remote](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/rest-apis/reindex-indices.md#reindex-from-remote) as the most direct and managed
```
